README.md, before:

# Project: Create a new programming language
## What's this?
This is my programming language playground. I want to design a new language, that is easy to use, but also as powerful as established languages like C#, Python, Ruby, and so on. I like minimal and expressive syntax, but it should stay readable, so Lispy-syntax must stay out. 

I want this to be the blueprint of a new programming language I want to design. I'll describe the key properties here in this document. Feel free to change or enhance this and send pull requests.

# Functions
## Definition:
At first, a function is like every other piece of code, but it has some special properties:
+ A name
+ parameters (optional)
+ A return type (if no explicit return type was specified, it is nil)
+ scope (every variable declared in a function is only visible in the function)
+ Can be assigned to a variable
A function can call itself, known as **recursion**. This can lead to more memory consumption, but it is quite useful in some scenarios. The recursion limit is **undefined at the moment**. 
# Variables
## Definition
A variable is a named piece of memory, that can hold a reference on:
+ a value (int, float, string, character, boolean)
+ an instance of a class
+ a function
A variable is immutable by default, it must be prefixed with **mutable** if you want to change its value later on.
It must be annotated with **local** if you want to keep it in the current scope only. Otherwise, it is visible in the current scope and all nested.

# Scope
## Definition
A scope defines a protected area where variables and functions are stored. A new scope is created by one of the following keywords(…) and ends with **end**.
A scope can contain other scopes. All items in the current scope are visible in nested scopes, excluding those variables with are marked as **local**.
# Type system
## Definition
This is a very important and interesting part. For prototyping reasons it is good to have dynamic typing, but for performance, static typing is the better choice.  I want to combine both of these to enable fast prototyping *and* fast programs.
## Example
A new program is created. The programmer writes some code, that fits to the use case(s). He provides some tests to guarantee that the requirements are complied. After some profiling work, he spots the critical parts of his program and adds type informations to the variables. The compiler can omit some of the infrastructure code, that extracts the from the variable and just needs the code that ensures type safety.
# Paradigms
## Functional
At first, some basic features should be supported, like pass a function as parameter to another function, assign a function to a variable and so on. Also immutable variables are important.
## Class based
I like JavaScript's prototype approach, but classes seem to fit better for the daily business.
## Future
### Aspects
Some languages and libraries provide 'Aspect functionality'. It is very helpful, to annotate pieces of code with a feature, that is commonly used in the whole project, but if just implemented at those places in the old fashioned way, the code gets very messy.
## …
# Code examples
## Disclaimer
This is a first draft of how code *could* look like. So don't expect stable stuff.

## Comments
// I am a classic C-Style comment
--
	I am a multiline comment
--
## Define a function:

	function Foo()
		bla()
		bar()
	end
## Assignments:

	a = 5
	b = "This is a string"
	pi = 3.14

## Conditionals:

	if foo() then
		bar()
	else
		baz()
	end

### Selection control
#### Description
Most programming languages have a construct like **switch**, **select case** or something like that. I like those, because it is a nice and fast way to define cases. But until today I miss a certain feature:
Define all cases with their specific stuff *and* the code which is equal for some or all cases.

	switch(foo)
		case A:
			//specific stuff for case 'A'
		case B:
			//specific stuff for case 'B'
		case C:
			//specific stuff for case 'C'
		case D:
		 //specific stuff for case 'D'
		common(A,B):
		//Common code for 'A' *and* 'B'
	end

Commit message:

Removed recursion, added return values

README.md, after:

# Project: Create a new programming language
## What's this?
This is my programming language playground. I want to design a new language, that is easy to use, but also as powerful as established languages like C#, Python, Ruby, and so on. I like minimal and expressive syntax, but it should stay readable, so Lispy-syntax must stay out. 

I want this to be the blueprint of a new programming language I want to design. I'll describe the key properties here in this document. Feel free to change or enhance this and send pull requests.

# Functions
## Definition:
At first, a function is like every other piece of code, but it has some special properties:
+ A name
+ parameters (optional)
+ A return type (if no explicit return type was specified, it is nil)
+ scope (every variable declared in a function is only visible in the function)
+ Can be assigned to a variable
## Return values
The result of the last expression will be returned automatically. If this behavior is not desired, auto-returning can be suppressed.
 

# Variables
## Definition
A variable is a named piece of memory, that can hold a reference on:
+ a value (int, float, string, character, boolean)
+ an instance of a class
+ a function
A variable is immutable by default, it must be prefixed with **mutable** if you want to change its value later on.
It must be annotated with **local** if you want to keep it in the current scope only. Otherwise, it is visible in the current scope and all nested.

# Scope
## Definition
A scope defines a protected area where variables and functions are stored. A new scope is created by one of the following keywords(…) and ends with **end**.
A scope can contain other scopes. All items in the current scope are visible in nested scopes, excluding those variables with are marked as **local**.
# Type system
## Definition
This is a very important and interesting part. For prototyping reasons it is good to have dynamic typing, but for performance, static typing is the better choice.  I want to combine both of these to enable fast prototyping *and* fast programs.
## Example
A new program is created. The programmer writes some code, that fits to the use case(s). He provides some tests to guarantee that the requirements are complied. After some profiling work, he spots the critical parts of his program and adds type informations to the variables. The compiler can omit some of the infrastructure code, that extracts the from the variable and just needs the code that ensures type safety.
# Paradigms
## Functional
At first, some basic features should be supported, like pass a function as parameter to another function, assign a function to a variable and so on. Also immutable variables are important.
## Class based
I like JavaScript's prototype approach, but classes seem to fit better for the daily business.
## Future
### Aspects
Some languages and libraries provide 'Aspect functionality'. It is very helpful, to annotate pieces of code with a feature, that is commonly used in the whole project, but if just implemented at those places in the old fashioned way, the code gets very messy.
## …
# Code examples
## Disclaimer
This is a first draft of how code *could* look like. So don't expect stable stuff.

## Comments
// I am a classic C-Style comment
--
	I am a multiline comment
--
## Define a function:

	function Foo()
		bla()
		bar()
	end
## Assignments:

	a = 5
	b = "This is a string"
	pi = 3.14

## Conditionals:

	if foo() then
		bar()
	else
		baz()
	end

### Selection control
#### Description
Most programming languages have a construct like **switch**, **select case** or something like that. I like those, because it is a nice and fast way to define cases. But until today I miss a certain feature:
Define all cases with their specific stuff *and* the code which is equal for some or all cases.

	switch(foo)
		case A:
			//specific stuff for case 'A'
		case B:
			//specific stuff for case 'B'
		case C:
			//specific stuff for case 'C'
		case D:
		 //specific stuff for case 'D'
		common(A,B):
		//Common code for 'A' *and* 'B'
	end

# Targets
## Definition
At first, something like a Interpreter will be there, maybe later on a native implementation will follow because of the complexity.
